= Brite

A Shiny Static Website Generator


== DESCRIPTION

Brite is an inovative static website/blog generation utility
which is as easy to use as it is versitle.


== FEATURES

* Site layout is 100% user-defined.
* Generates files in place (no special subdirectories required).
* Supports multi-format templates via Neapolitan.
* Supports many markup and templating systems.


== RESOURCES

* home: http://proutils.github.com/brite
* code: http://github.com/proutils/brite
* mail: http://groups.google.com/group/rubyworks-mailinglist


== SYNOPSIS

To use Brite create .page, .post and .layout files and then
run:

  $ brite

For details please see the Brite website and the GitHub repository. In
particular have a look at the `site/` directory which contains Brite's
own website built on Brite.


== HOW TO INSTALL

=== RubyGems

  $ sudo gem install brite

=== Setup.rb

If you're old fashion and want to install to a site
location, see Setup.rb[http://rubyworks.github.com/setup].


== COPYRIGHT/LICENSE

Copyright (c) 2009 Thomas Sawyer

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

   http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.

